Lesson 3 Narrative of Place Rough Draft

Eldorado Park

I will write about the park near my house and public school. Lots of kids would go to the skatepark after school. There were usually people playing frisbee golf, parents with children on playsets, teams practicing baseball and soccer, community rec center full of karate classes. The skatepark was a bustle. There were always kids selling drugs, smoking weed, flirting with the girls with a low enough standard to join them at the park etc.

I spent the better part of my high school years around this park. It's where my friends and I did drugs and got into fights. It was the place I took a date and had my bike stolen. I went back after moving away, and still saw some of the same kids playing hacky sack. They were wary of me. I won't forget eldorado park.

Senses:
Sight
    The trees, grass, fences around baseball fields, old benches and picnic tables, the playstructure, the skatepark itself. the layout with the community center, frisbee golf course, library, offices, playground, fields, skatepark, and parking lots
    old stand lamps that light a very small part of the foggy atmosphere. Bridget's eyes and the shock when I ask
    the bike

Smell
    Pine trees, weed, smelly homeless dudes, spilled coffee and smoothies, piss at the dugout, fresh-cut-grass, ocean breeze

Sounds
    Yelling from all ages: people addressing teammates, dogs, lovers, children, parents, friends, foes, with possitive and negative things to say. The park is loud. Skateboards and the occasional grunt as someone falls and hurts themself. Music on at least 2 different devices (competing). Idle cars in the parking lot. Skateboards no matter where you go. The occasional chain rattling from a big dog on a leash, or a frisbee goal. The bubbling of the percolator as kids take bong rips. Soft spoken complaints against teachers. Peers planning parties.
    but when I had my bike stolen, the park was pretty quiet. The skaatepark was the only active location after dark. the sound of our bikes and us playing hide and seek or floor is lava or something. 

Touch
    The feeling of cold seats(concrete and old wood) and discomfort. Cold breezes. The hot summer sun. The cool of the evening after riding bikes to arrive. the feeling of the slick cool steel wrapped in plastic-like paint while we scurry up and down the playground playing tag or floor-is-lava(i will need to decide by the time I write). The feeling of soil giving way beneath grass as I chase a girl I've fallen for. The sensation of grass on my cheek as we lay next to each other

Taste
    Nausea as I notice my bike is missing. The flavors of monster energy, cannabis, starbucks coffee, vapes and tobacco and lips that aren't my own. Crappy liquor and blood upon from bad falls. 

Emotions
    Every single one. This is where I experienced my depression, and had the most joyful times of my teens. Dissassociation while on ketamine, and the feeling that I could see myself in 3rd persosn. The feeling that everything was always going to be okay. Being stoned. Falling in love. The sensation of someone hugging me. The feeling of worry that someone would steal my things. The grief from someone stealing my bike. 


I have too many stories. For this essay, I think it will be best for me to write about the time that Bridget and I rode our bikes to the park after dark, we were playing on the playground(tag, I've decided(it makes sense)), when Bridget decided to run into one of the fields. I chased after her. We layed in the grass and looked at each other until I asked her to be my girlfriend. We went back to the bikes, but mine was gone. We walked back to my house to end the night. 
    Lessons from this story: lock up your bike. People are desperate. Joys of flirting. Courage to speak up and see results.(when I asked Briget out, that had been my first girlfriend experience ever)

    I can also write about the time I fell on my face, dropping in on a 4-foot ramp with rollerblades when I was about 9 or 10. 
    The time I decided to pick a fight with the do-gooders who threatened to call the cops, but were actually just all talk. 
    The time I got in a fight, and my dealer layed the kid out, after a knife was pulled on me. My fault in the story-actually trying to steal from him. 
    The time I went to the park to find out that I had been there the day before, but I was way too high to even remember, and people who I had never met knew me, because I had met them the day prior. 
    the time that I went to the park on the way to blu's and kat and I were high on K, and my friend pulled me aside because he thought what I was doing was dangerous, and he didn't want me to get involved in hard drugs. (even though he sold me weed). 
    The time I went there with Neb, and he told me that I was disrupting the culture at work, and it was intimidating and made people not want to be my friend. 
    When I had my vacation bonus given to me and spent it all on weed, and when my friends tried to talk me out of it, the dealer snatched it up and said, "it's his money, he can do with it, what he wants".

