Narrative of Place Rough Draft discard

location: the neighbor's house next to mom's hairdresser.
I will write about the place where mom used to get her hair cut, when I was very young. The story involves the studio salon in the corner of the garage and also the neighbor's house, next door. 

senses (6th being emotion)
Smells: perfumed shampoos, garage scents, southern california breeze through the open garage door, dirty clothes in neighbor boy's bedroom
Sounds: scissors, soft talking and story telling, toy cars on the garage floor, a door opening and the boy frustratingly attempting to redress me
Sight: the colorful bottles on the wall, large mirror, hairdressers updo, the layout of the bedroom and the living room that was run through to reach it
Taste: lollipops from the hairdresser (tootsie roll pops with the wrappers that had kids playing on them.)(maybe can segue from kids playing onto the wrapper to being allowed to play with the neighbor boy.)
Emotion: boredom and frustration, excitement, desire to be recognized and included as a friend, shame

list of how the place shaped you
I was molested in the next door neighbor's house. The boy who assaulted me was someone i looked up to. 
lessons:
This world is broken and will destroy those within it
Mother is a safe place, do not stray.
friendship comes with a high cost
sexuality...

living things present:
the hairdresser, all smiles, very talkative. 
mother, comfort and wisdom, protection and care. 
the neighbor boy (peripheral parental unit). He was cool and worthy of respect by a young boy like me, and he was like most children in that his toys were his and I was not to touch them. Instead, he had more sinister motives.

non-living things present:
the bed, the closet, the door, dirty clothes lain about, 
the hairdressing chair, the broom that cleaned up the hair, bottles on the wall, lollipops, garage paraphernalia ignored adjacent in the garage: bikes and storage bins, probably some dirty rags(do not go there)


A bit of freestyling intro:
We begin our story at an age for young boys to enter into Kindergarten. These boys' lessons are often rough: a scraped knee, teaching pain, or a hurtful wording to learn remorse. The story we embark on bearss weighty and dire lessons still being learned.

    The hair salon that mother went to was not so average as the rest. The hairstylist hosted clients in her suburban garage to save money on salon rental costs. Dean did not know this, and if you had tried to explain such concepts to a boy, only four years old, he would be lost and confused before you could say, "rent". His purposes for being in the garage with it's wonderful colorful bottles lining the wall was simply to attend to his mother who was busy chatting away, with the hairdresser until the previous client was finished. Dean just wanted to play. 
    When children want to play, adults have two options. They must either entertain the child, or suggest that a different adult do so. The outcome of neither of these pursuits is far too nasty to share. Mother did what she thought best, by handing Dean off to the next door neighbor with their adolescent son. "Surely," she thought, "that is a better place for Dean. There will be toys and endless entertainment for him. For me, I will have time to catch up with an old friend."
    Dean was pleased to learn that he would be spending time with the neighbor nextdoor. The boy who lived there was very cool. His room was a mess, but 
    
    Actual outline: open with seeing the same garage, describe the garage with actions(haridresser would give a lollipop everytime. Dean loved them because they were colorful and sweet, and had wonderful pictures to look at)(Dean was not curious what his mother was talking about with the hairdresser(((ooh!!! leslie. That's her name, finally remembered)))he found the occasions boring, at best, if not a frustrating, tantrum-worthy occasion)(mom catches on to dean habit to complain and ....))
    the transition from the garage to the neighbors house(here we talk about emotions that dean has, displaying a juxtaposition between the negative ones from the garage-salon(he thinks, "it's just a garage, so why call it anything different") and the hope and excitement of being allowed to play while mom has her hair done.
    The time of play in the living room, when someone suggests that the boys move to the bedroom to give the parent some quiet. Desciription of the bedroom. Maybe they were playing with toys, but dean can't remember, because suddenly he has his pants down (how graphic can this get while still being presentable? How graphic do I remember it??? *sigh* not much... wish I could see more, and care for 4-year-old dean better. Sorry, bud.
    The assault. The timelessness of it--->it seems to drag on forever while he is fondled(too much?) by a boy 3 times his age. 
