>> Narrative of Place Essay
# TODO Witty Title

	"Thanks for hanging out tonight," I said, as Bridget and I peddled our bikes down the dimly lit, suburban, Long Beach streets. Her dark eyes glanced at me just long enough to unleash a torrent of butterflies in my chest. "Yeah, it's summer, so we're going to hang out all the time. I'm excited to go to the park. It's been so long since I've played floor is lava." Bridget continued with her unceasing prattle, relaying all that had gone on today, and I took in the sights on the way to the park. Mostly, that meant looking at her, and with the twilight setting, I was entranced. The sound of derailleurs rattling in place roused me from my repose. We had arrived. 
	Eldorado park is the local hangout that everyone knows and loves. Though it was nearly dark out, the park was still bustling fitfully with the help of decades-old lampposts with fluorescent bulbs. Raucous laughter, scrapes, cracks, and the occasional smack of flesh on concrete came from the skate park in the corner, occupied by it's usual crowd of outcasts and stoners. To the south, basketball courts held the stragglers from tonight's games, dribbling and struggling to pass one another in pick-up games. The fields surrounding the park were vacant, the grass savoring the dregs of twilight. Thankfully the park is big enough that my attention was quickly brought back to the task at hand: figuring out what we are doing here. The rec-center and offices were locked up for the night, and the park would be closing soon. Yet, we decided to ride our bikes to the playground, where we would spend the next few hours navigating what it means to be thirteen years old in the presence of the opposite sex. 
	Deciding to play tag on the play structure was a natural progression, regarding a hunger for physical touch, yet requiring an escape and excuse, should anyone take that touch too far. The cold steal beams supporting plastic platforms also supported each panting player, taking breaks between the chasing and music-making via the drumming of feet. One moment, there would be a clear lead, but the next, one would cut a corner sharp, walk up a slide, or simply run away. 
	Bridget just ran. I was it, and there was no way I was going to tag the third wheel. This was an obvious invitation to chase a beautiful girl and prove my desire for her. So I ran too(the sensation of the grass giving way beneath my feet): past the skaters and out of the comforting light that encapsulated the play ground, under the canopy of pines and cottonwoods, through to a clearing in the disk golf course, dimly lit by the tennis court lighting. That's where she had stopped. Finally. Out of breath, and wondering how long we'd be left alone, I lunged towards her to tag. Her taunting stance deceived me, and she was quick to evade my pursuit, yet the dance continued, until she permitted a misstep which resulted in a too-graceful fall to settle, lying in the grass. I found myself laying next to her, staring into her dark eyes, mesmerized by the moment: smiling and looking at my crush, her smiling back at me. It's enough to excite an adolescent boy. 
	"Do you want to be my girlfriend?" I asked. Or maybe I hadn't. She hadn't responded. No, I had convinced myself that I had asked, because I was so damn nervous. The phrase is simple enough, but the ramifications of such a question were bouncing between my ears. I mustered up the courage after long debates within my mind; arguments were settled with reasoning about this girl being the most important or beautiful. Before I could stop my stupid brain from arguing, I mumbled, "Do you want to be my girlfriend?". She asks, "what?" Gosh I'm so stupid! Clearer this time, "Do you want to be my girlfriend?" "Yeah," she responded with a smile. I smiled back, because I had absolutely no idea what to say next. Paralyzed by the emotions of this moment, and I did not want it to ever end. 
	However much I wanted to continue laying in the grass, it was time to get our bikes and head back to our respective abodes. We walked back through the trees, past the skate park, to the play ground where we had left our bikes. But there was only one bike there. It wasn't mine. I start to wonder what could have possibly happened to it, and an older guy walks to us from the skate park mumbling about people leaving nice things out, and how there are thieves about. What was I to do, but walk home, grieving the loss of a cherished creation, and reveling in the joy of having secured my first official relationship with a girl. 


	discard:

When I rode my bike, I felt like a million bucks. Built from an old mountain bike that my uncle found on the side of the road, it was a young boy's dream. My father and I fixed it up and welded up the hub to turn the old freewheel into a fixed hub. I had a "Fixie", and it was awesome to tell people that I had built it. It was painted white with green accents: tires, seat, chain, and grip tape. 
